Add improved docs (#20)
kmck/rehype-dom: packages/rehype-dom-parse/readme.md

[![Backers][backers-badge]][collective]
[![Chat][chat-badge]][chat]

**[rehype][]** plugin to add support for parsing HTML input in browsers.

## Contents

*   [What is this?](#what-is-this)
*   [When should I use this?](#when-should-i-use-this)
*   [Install](#install)
*   [Use](#use)
*   [API](#api)
    *   [`unified.use(rehypeDomParse[, options])`](#unifieduserehypedomparse-options)
*   [Types](#types)
*   [Compatibility](#compatibility)
*   [Security](#security)
*   [Contribute](#contribute)
*   [License](#license)

## What is this?

This is like [`rehype-parse`][rehype-parse] but for browsers.
It’s built on [`hast-util-from-dom`][hast-util-from-dom], which is a low level

> tool to turn DOM nodes into hast syntax trees.

Reviewer: Maybe move the last sentence up front?
Leading with what it does, then relating it to other projects.

```suggestion
This is a low level tool to turn DOM nodes into hast syntax trees, it is like [`rehype-parse`][rehype-parse] but for browsers.
It’s built on [`hast-util-from-dom`][hast-util-from-dom].
```

Author: This package is not a low level tool though. The hast utility is a low level tool?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a high level tool to turn DOM nodes into hast syntax trees, it is like [`rehype-parse`][rehype-parse] but for browsers.
It’s built on [`hast-util-from-dom`][hast-util-from-dom].
```

Reviewer: or

```suggestion
This is a unified plugin to turn DOM nodes into hast syntax trees, it is like [`rehype-parse`][rehype-parse] but for browsers.
It’s built on [`hast-util-from-dom`][hast-util-from-dom].
```

Author: Both suggestions ascribe certain properties to `rehype-dom-parse` that it does not do.
That last sentence is about the utility, but the plugin does other things, so I don’t think the properties should be shuffled?

Author: What about using:

```
This is like [`rehype-parse`][rehype-parse] but for browsers.
```

Here?

And moving the other sentence as a new paragraph to the bottom of the next section (same with `rehype-dom-stringify`)?
Explaining the utilities is probably more useful as an answer to “when to use this or something else?”

Reviewer: It feels a bit weird to point people to a different readme to understand what this is and what it does.

Author: It is exactly the goal of these packages though. Be an alternative of `rehype` with a better footprint in browsers without a few features (as explained in the readme).
